~UTKU GÖKÇEN~
While starting the project, our aim was to develop a mobile application where 
all Bilkent University students can follow the activities organized within the 
university. I think that we nearly created a social media platform where at 
least the events can be shared, even if there are some mistakes and missing parts 
of our application. I have met with android studio and firebase for the first 
time thanks to this project. Thanks to this project, I learned the methods of 
developing mobile applications to the android platform, as well as working with 
internet-based database systems. In addition, while doing the UX design part of 
the project, I learned to work with photoshop and learn what kind of design a social 
media platform should have as a result of my research.Unfortunately, we started the 
project as 6 people and completed as 2 people. I was amazed by the fact that 3 people 
dropped the course, while people could find so much time to research and learn at 
home nowadays! Arda tried to help me at least, but I did the majority of the part 
that he had to do. But at least I thank Arda for helping me with writing reports.
In addition, our group member Mikail Koç has not answered my calls and messages for 
the past 15 days. Mikail Koç does not contribute to the project 
in any way! Since we were in this situation, I had to do 95% of the project on my own, 
including reports, coding and design. So we didn't do anything as a group work and my 
project group was a completely disappointment for me. Before I started the project, 
I had doubts on how to complete the project, as I did not know about android studio. 
But I had a lot of time to investigate. For me, the most difficult part of the project 
was to use Firebase and Android Studio simultaneously (getting the data, sending it to 
Firebase, retrieving the data from the database and reflecting it in the application). 
If I had the chance to start the project again, I would use a different database system. 
Because I had difficulty working with Firebase and I could not store all the data I wanted.
I spent 2 hours a day for the project and finished it for about 20 days. I did my best for 
the project. I am proud to have done the job of a 6-person team alone, although there are 
many shortcomings.

~ARDA AKDENİZ~
I found the project useful because I learned how to use Android Studio and Firebase. What 
I disliked about the project was that we were down to 2 people at the end. I struggled with 
building Firebase on my project but eventually overcame this and managed to build it. I also 
found it hard to do the code correctly sometimes but I managed to complete the createeventpage lass. I spent 
lots of time on this project, it took me a lot of hours and days.. Maybe I could have started 
earlier to avoid some of the problems. I think it has been a good project and I am proud of 
what I have achieved.
